fix counting of spans/logs in self-observability metrics in otlp trace and log exporters (#8254)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix stale status code reporting on self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp` and `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploghttp`. (#8226)
- Fix a concurrent `Collect` data race and potential panic in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus` when `WithResourceAsConstantLabels` option is used. (#8227)
- Fix race condition in `FixedSizeReservoir` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric/exemplar` by reverting #7447. (#8249)
- Fix counting of spans in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc`. (#TODO)
- Fix counting of spans in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp`. (#TODO)
- Fix counting of logs in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploggrpc`. (#TODO)

> - Fix counting of logs in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploghttp`. (#TODO)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix counting of spans in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc`. (#8254)
- Fix counting of spans in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp`. (#8254)
- Fix counting of logs in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploggrpc`. (#8254)
- Fix counting of logs in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploghttp`. (#8254)
```

> - Fix counting of logs in self-observability metrics in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploghttp`. (#8254)

Author: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/pull/8254/commits/fe011c8cb3cec60f893c5b48f60f3b7fb6b8fbb6
